WORK EXPERIENCE
September 2020 - Present
Work directly as a Python developer. Development of internal 
solutions in the practice department. Creation of my own initia -
tives within the company, and the subsequent implementation 
and sale of them to clients and partners. Multiple participation 
in pre-sales related to areas of Python and Machine Learning. 
Development of Python development department. Conducting 
technical interviews, Code Review, choice of technical stack, 
building global application architectures. Solution assistance and 
guidance for Solution Architects. Management of development 
teams in the Team Lead role. Mentoring newly arrived Junior, 
Middle, Senior developers. 
Creation of a user support system using a microservice archi -
tecture based on Python and its frameworks. Designing the 
application architecture and machine learning model. Creation 
of dataset based on user requests database. Highload develop -
ment.  Creation of AI Support bot, system on B2B basics.
Creation of a system of automatic training and re-training of 
models. 
Designing and architecting a solution for moving relational data 
into ElasticSearch for working with big data, enabling rapid 
reporting, and performing predictive analytics.
Also work with Salesforce and obtaining certificates.
In the role of Solution Architect, creating and conducting various 
presentations, including architecture, business logic, areas of 
use, possible client painpoints, timelines.
Development of Solana applications with Rust. Creation and 
implementation of Solidity smart contracts. Promotion of NFT 
projects.Python ArchitectCustomertimes
March 2020 - September 2020
Development of a global repository of genomes and genomic 
data and associated metadata. Which allows various research 
labs to interact with genomes, exomes and other statistics. For 
research in the field of medicine and in search of vaccines and 
medication for HIV, AIDS, cancer, Covid-19, etc. 
The project was based entirely on AWS cloud technologies.
Designing of serverless architecture. Which involved the pretty 
woven development of python lambdas connected through API 
Gateway. Also for more time-consuming operations, ECS and 
Batch was used to process data with pipelines. 
Work with DynamoDB, RDS for storage, and S3 + Glacier for 
large files, Athena for Big Data. Creation of step functions with 
over 50 layers.
Choice of technical stack, code review. Formation of technical 
specifications. Collaboration with Bioinformatics Engineers. 
Collaborating with product and customers to search for the most 
suitable technical solutions and create the features necessary 
for the existence of the project.Senior Back End Cloud DeveloperMWDN